# hello-world
My name is Jason.  I am about to graduate from Columbus State University (CSU) (Columbus, GA, USA) with a Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics.  I hope to continue my education at Auburn University (Auburn, AL, USA) in the fall of 2020, pursuing a Master's Degree in either Statistics or Data Science.  I started my college career at Columbus Technical College (CTC) (Columbus, GA, USA) in the Spring Semester of 2013.  I initially started as a Health Sciences Major but quickly switched to Mathematics when I began working as a Math Tutor at CTC.  I graduated from CTC in the Fall of 2016 with an Associate's Degree in General Studies and Technical Science.  I transferred to CSU in the Fall of 2016 as a Mathematics Major.  While there, I also took several courses in Computer Science.  While I will never work for Apple or Google, I do occasionally tinker with programming;  I have written several small programs, mostly in Java, to help solve a variety of math problems.  One such program produce results that were published in a Math Journal, but more about that later.
This repository is a collection of items that I have created over the last few years.  Excel Workbooks for Synthetic Division and Projectile Motion can be found here.  There are quite a few LaTeX documents.  There is also a short video of some 3D quadric surfaces from Calculus III.  Basically, anything that I created in the last six years of undergraduate study that I think a potential employer might want to see can be found here. 
